Add PR validation and release workflows for extension packaging (#61)
microsoft/azurecloak: README.md

## Installing the Extension

> 1. [Download and unzip the latest version of the extension](../../releases/latest/download/cloudcloak.zip) (or clone this repository)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Download and unzip the latest version of the extension](https://github.com/microsoft/cloudcloak/releases) (or clone this repository)
```
